Good.
That was lovely, Moll.
I need more from you.
Can we take it from the beginning?
And...
I was obsessed by killer
whales when I was a kid.
They always seem to be smiling.
You know, they travel 100 miles a day
in the ocean, but in captivity, their
sound waves bounce off the walls
and they become deaf and dumb.
Some even go insane.
I read about one whale that broke
all its teeth trying to break free.
Just got too much for him.
He didn't want to smile anymore.
I'll have a pint of Heineken
and a glass of red wine, please.
And a bag of crisps.
- Hi Cliff
- Hi
How are you?
Good.
You?
Yeah, no, I'm good.
I'm good.
Good.
Just, uh,
hang on a sec.
Oh, Cliff, you didn't have to.
Honestly.
Please.
Happy birthday.
Thank you.
Oh.
They give you one of these
when you enter the force.
Wow.
Thank you.
- It just goes, uh...
- Anywhere.
I think I'm..
Sorry. May I?
Okay.
You're not really supposed
to give these away,
but you can keep a secret.
Hi.
Oh.
Better say hi.
No, of course.
Thanks for coming.
Not at all.
I'll see you later.
Yeah.
Help yourself to more drinks.
And there's plenty of food as well
if you want anything to eat.
Sure.
Oh.
Who gave you that?
Oh, Clifford.
How sweet.
I'd like to make a toast
to someone very special.
Someone we can all rely on.
Happy birthday, Sis.
To Moll!
And while she's got you lot to be
quiet for the moment, we would like
to take this opportunity to announce.
Spence and me are expecting twins.
Get the champagne.
Sweetheart.
There's a case in the garage.
The champagne.
Don't pull that face.
She's having twins.
Moll.
I frightened you.
What's going here?
I've got to go home.
Oh, come on.
I spent the whole night
buying you drinks.
I know.
I've got to get
home and look after my dad.
He'll be all right.
Just a little kiss.
Don't do that, please.
- Why?
- Don't.
I need to get home.
Home.
Don't.
Just a little kiss.
I don't.
I need this.
Come on.
Please don't take that.
What are you doing, you freak?
What?
Do you know how to use that?
You're wounded.
I can fix that.
You got blood on your hands.
Isn't that illegal?
Can you keep a secret then?
I'm okay.
Just missing a section on humans.
Shit!
You don't have to tell
them what happened.
You sure?
Yeah.
I don't want any trouble.
Morning, Officer.
Seat belt.
Yeah, sorry.
We just got on the road.
Up early?.
You mean late.
We've been at the Wipeout.
The, um, the DJ was great,
We couldn't stop dancing.
You can breathalyze me.
Incidentally, I'm an amazing dancer.
Really?
What do you do?
Work with my hands.
I'm a craftsman.
You?
I'm a historical guide.
Not the Granny Wagons?
It's only temporary.
Nice place.
It's my parents'.
I'm just helping look after my dad.
Someone's birthday.
Mine, actually.
Happy birthday.
Thank you.
Thanks for the lift.
You're safe.
I was worried sick.
What happened?
I, um..
Come here.
I won't bite.
I felt funny, so I went for a walk.
And then I fell asleep on the beach.
I thought we were best friends.
- We are.
- Then don't lie to me.
I just wanted to go dancing.
I put all that effort into making it
special and you wanted to go dancing.
So...
Sorry, mom.
It was irresponsible and thoughtless.
You've come so far, Moll.
I worry when things like this happen.
It won't happen again, I promise.
It was your birthday.
We'll let this one go.
Eat your cake.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to Tantivy Blue Coach Tours.
My name is Mol and I will be
your hostess for the day.
Just to give you a rough
outline of what you can expect
from today's travels.
Firstly, um....
what are you doing here?
Just wanted to check how you're doing.
Yeah, I'm good, thank you.
Here,
Birthday present.
Thank you.
My.
My mom.
Hillary.
Pascal Ranouf.
How do you do?
Your dad needs you, sweetheart.
Have a pleasant evening.
Who was that?
No one.
Just.
He gave me a lift the other night.
Could smell him a mile off.
My name's Moll.
What are you doing Saturday?
There's a few odd jobs
around the house.
A bench needs fixing
and some patio slabs.
You said you were good
with your hands.
Okay.
What homework have you
got tonight, Jade?
Usual. Bit of math.
Bit of science.
How was the game?
Cock-up.
We lost 50 quid.
Mom, can Jace stay here tonight?
I've got a friend coming over.
I've got a fate meeting.
Sweetheart.
Moll can look after her.
Everyone is hoping for the best.
But there is of course speculation
that Melissa's disappearance is
connected to the unsolved abduction
and murder of three other
girls over the past four years.
It's been 22 hours since I
saw Melissa tucked up in bed.
And if anyone can help us to find her,
we miss her very, very much.
Harrison, turn it off.
We miss....
How was your game?
It was great.